docs: fix navigationType value and variable name in useReportWebVitals (#90599)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/04-functions/use-report-web-vitals.mdx

Reviewer: here too 🙏

Author: fixed! 391ea7296443a0c709dfe2f096dd68609704455d

- `name`: The name of the performance metric. Possible values include names of [Web Vitals](#web-vitals) metrics (TTFB, FCP, LCP, FID, CLS) specific to a web application.
- `delta`: The difference between the current value and the previous value of the metric. The value is typically in milliseconds and represents the change in the metric's value over time.
- `entries`: An array of [Performance Entries](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceEntry) associated with the metric. These entries provide detailed information about the performance events related to the metric.

> - `navigationType`: Indicates the [type of navigation](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming/type) that triggered the metric collection. Possible values include `"navigate"`, `"reload"`, `"back-forward"`, and `"prerender"`.

Reviewer: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming/type#back_forward documents it as `"back_forward"`

Author: oh my point is that since useReportWebVitals is built on top of the web-vitals library, the value received in the callback will be "back-forward", not the raw PerformanceNavigationTiming value by default

Do you think we should keep `back_forward`?

<img width="363" height="207" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/488558c9-20a0-46cf-bb30-62d759443dec" />

Reviewer: web-vitals does that... TIL:

- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals/blob/089d3b320c8d9e65055ccaea72559b4e25e1a8c1/src/lib/initMetric.ts#L38-L41
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals/pull/247

Then I think we might need to do a bit more explaining here. Because it is not only that they rename the navigation type, but they do add one more, `"back-forward-cache"`, I am thinking something like:

```suggestion
- `navigationType`: Indicates the [type of navigation](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming/type) that triggered the metric collection. Possible values include `"navigate"`, `"reload"`, `"back_forward"`, and `"prerender"`. When using the web-vitals library, `"back_forward"` is normalized to `"back-forward"`, and a synthetic `"back-forward-cache"` value may be reported when the page is restored from the BFCache.
```

The problem is that we don't really mention web-vitals is under the hood, we imply it through reference to the tool and such. Maybe Just drop the `When using the web-vitals library` for The navigation type `"back_forward"` is.... 

What do you think?

Author: Thank you for the suggestion and yeah that explanation makes it much clearer

I also noticed that the value `restore` is missing, which the web-vitals library includes it as well as `back-forward-cache` for pages that were discarded by the browser and then restored by user

So I'm thinking of something like:

- `navigationType`: Indicates the [type of navigation](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming/type) that triggered the metric collection. Possible values include `"navigate"`, `"reload"`, `"back_forward"`, and `"prerender"`. The navigation type `"back_forward"` is normalized to `"back-forward"` by the web-vitals library, which also adds `"back-forward-cache"` for pages restored from the BFCache, and `"restore"` for pages restored after being discarded by the browser.

Reviewer: I think we can do:

```suggestion
- `navigationType`: Indicates the navigation type that triggered metric collection. Values are derived from [PerformanceNavigationTiming.type](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming/type) and may include `"navigate"`, `"reload"`, `"prerender"`, `"back-forward"` (normalized from `"back_forward"`), `"back-forward-cache"` (BFCache restore), and `"restore"` (page restored after discard).
 ```

Author: Applied it. Thank you!

```jsx filename="pages/_app.js"
import { useReportWebVitals } from 'next/web-vitals'

> function handleCustomMetrics(metric) {

Reviewer: Good catch
